how would you like to drop one two even
three sizes instantly without dieting
struggling on exercise equipment or
enduring painful cosmetic surgery now
you can go from this to this with a zero
effort introducing California Beauty
slimming lifts silhouettes though
revolutionary slimming and lifting
undergarment that can have you looking
inches smaller and pounds thinner
instantly slip them on and you'll
actually see and feel the dramatic
results right away slim and lift trim
contour lip and shape from below the
bust line to above the knee line giving
you that sexy curvy figure you've always
wanted
no from bulging and bumpy too tight and
trim from sagging and shapeless to firm
and fantastic instantly now you can say
goodbye to those awkward uncomfortable
slimming undergarments that just flatten
and really don't offer support women
lift silhouette flatter your figure in
super comfort while staying securely in
place and can help you looking 1/2 even
3 sizes smaller instantly the secret is
in slim and lift silhouettes exclusive
engineering that combines form and
function to sculpt firm trim slender
eyes and lifts from below the bust line
to above the knee line for that perfect
figure slim and lifts are made with
silky nylon stretchy lycra and 100%
breathable cotton they feel like a
second skin and are so discreet no one
will know you're wearing them with
limitless silhouette you can fit into
your favorite jeans in comfort slide
into a slinky dress without see ugly
bulges or wear your tailored business
suit with confidence look regular summit
pants only go to the waistline causing
ugly belly rolls
and cut off at the thigh so you get that
ballooning effect swimmin lift
silhouette slim and lifts from below the
bust line to above the knee line
ensuring all of your problem areas are
targeted without any bulges slim and
lift silhouette come in sizes small to
triple extra-large to fit your shape
comfortably and perfectly ordinary
slimming pants can cost as much as five
thousand pesos but today you can order
your very own California Beauty slim and
lips silhouette for the introductory TV
price of only 1995 pesos but wait
there's more if you call right now we'll
give you a second pair of slim and lift
silhouette absolutely free that's 2
pairs for the price of one a 10,000 pass
over you yours today for only 1995 pesos
but you must call right now call the
innovations channel in Cebu at three
four four one thousand that three for
four one thousand we accept check credit
card and Co T operators us standing by
to take your call from 9 a.m. to 9:00
p.m. seven days a week this product is
not available in stores
but can be delivered right to your door
within 24 hours this special offer is
only available for a limited time so
don't delay call 3 4 4 1000 right now
[Music]